readme.md, before:

# Spring Boot, JPA

# Things to do

7. Dependency Injection
   1. Singleton scope creates object but twice
      1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K43qyHJXmWI&ab_channel=Telusko
      2. singleton vs prototype
   2. definition of autowired?
      1. https://www.google.com/search?q=why+use+%40autowired+in+spring&sxsrf=AOaemvIk52xwIODgYoRfOXaI24GcAIZmOA%3A1639545897985&ei=KXy5Yc7LO92N4-EPvqScmA8&oq=autowired+in+spring&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAEYAjIHCCMQsAMQJzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQsAMQQ0oECEEYAEoECEYYAFAAWABgqRNoAXACeACAAQCIAQCSAQCYAQDIAQrAAQE&sclient=gws-wiz
   3. bean vs component
      1. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10604298/spring-component-versus-bean


9. abstract class constructor vs child constructor
10. access modifier default vs protected examples!
11. java 8 vs java 11

12. create login and sign up forms
    1. hash Password

13. using spring security 
    1. https://www.baeldung.com/exception-handling-for-rest-with-spring
    2. https://auth0.com/blog/get-started-with-custom-error-handling-in-spring-boot-java/
   
   
# Additional
1. use REACT framework
2. Spring Integration 
3. Spring Profiles
4. Selenium to test userController and errorControllers
5. Person DOB in User Controller - value should be provided in user form

# Difficulty implementing
1. Custom error page - unable to change url to '/error' when error
2. Controller Test
   1. unable to figure out how to test bindingResult input errors

Commit message:

complete scope test with both singleton and prototype examples

readme.md, after:

# Spring Boot, JPA

# Things to do

7. Dependency Injection
   1. Singleton vs prototype
      1. singleton for stateless session beans https://www.javatpoint.com/stateless-session-bean
      2. prototype for stateful session beans https://www.javatpoint.com/stateful-session-bean
   2. definition of autowired?
      1. https://www.google.com/search?q=why+use+%40autowired+in+spring&sxsrf=AOaemvIk52xwIODgYoRfOXaI24GcAIZmOA%3A1639545897985&ei=KXy5Yc7LO92N4-EPvqScmA8&oq=autowired+in+spring&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAEYAjIHCCMQsAMQJzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQRxCwAzIHCAAQsAMQQ0oECEEYAEoECEYYAFAAWABgqRNoAXACeACAAQCIAQCSAQCYAQDIAQrAAQE&sclient=gws-wiz
   3. bean vs component
      1. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10604298/spring-component-versus-bean
      2. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39173982/what-is-a-nosuchbeandefinitionexception-and-how-do-i-fix-it

9. abstract class constructor vs child constructor
10. access modifier default vs protected examples!
11. java 8 vs java 11

12. create login and sign up forms
    1. hash Password

13. using spring security 
    1. https://www.baeldung.com/exception-handling-for-rest-with-spring
    2. https://auth0.com/blog/get-started-with-custom-error-handling-in-spring-boot-java/
   
   
# Additional
1. use REACT framework
2. Spring Integration 
3. Spring Profiles
4. Selenium to test userController and errorControllers
5. Person DOB in User Controller - value should be provided in user form

# Difficulty implementing
1. Custom error page - unable to change url to '/error' when error
2. Controller Test
   1. unable to figure out how to test bindingResult input errors
